what's up everyone filson obits here and
if you saw my video previous to this one
you would see that green poison RC six
is now out for you guys to download on a
mac and windows so you can go ahead and
go right to the green poison site and
download our c64 mac or windows the
linux version is not out yet so i'm
going to show you guys in this video
basically i have an iphone 4 right here
that is jailbroken on RC 5 beta 4 i
believe so i'm going to go ahead and
double jailbreak it basically what i'm
going to do is regenerate with RC six
without having to restore i'm just going
to do the jailbreak right over this one
have you've been having problems with
emulators on the iphone or any other
tweaks or apps or any functionality with
your device not just the iphone but the
ipod touch and the iPad as well then you
might want to try the RC 6 jailbreak
instead of the RC 5 because it is a lot
more stable and it also includes the
jailbreak for the apple TV 2 so you can
jailbreak all of your devices just as
you would with the previous version rc5
but this is just a more stable version
and you can just try it i'm going to go
ahead and double jailbreak this just
going to go ahead and run greenpoison
while I already have cydia and it's
already jailbroken on here as you can
see i have Cydia will probably can't see
but yeah i'm going to show you guys how
to do that i'm going to go ahead and
open up greenpoison so after you've
downloaded it just go to greenpoison com
download it for mac or windows just go
ahead and press one of those buttons and
then you can go ahead and open up
greenpoison right here now it will ask
you are you jailbreaking the apple TV
during this process we aren't but i will
have a video on how to jailbreak the
apple TV so be sure to stay tuned to
that one and yeah i'll have it up in a
bit so i'm going to go ahead and click
no and then you just see the normal
greenpoison program right here i'm going
to go ahead and press jailbreak my phone
is on by the way just telling you guys
going to go ahead and press jailbreak
and follow the steps here just go into
DFU mode real quick press the sleep
button then after that timer goes down
you're going to go ahead and press the
home button and then after that you're
going to release the sleep button and
continue holding the home button so I'm
basically doing a
jailbreak re jailbreaking kind of if you
will and my screen should turn white
after the seconds get down to about
three or two there we go and my screen
should be turning on in a second we
should be seeing some text as we
normally would something like green
poisonous utilized if you have a little
snitch be sure to allow this connection
right here that's just if you have
little snitch if you don't don't worry
about it if you have any antivirus
programs or anything like that be sure
to turn them off if they're bothering
your jailbreak at all like if your
jailbreak fails or something like that
turn off your anti-virus programs I
promise greenpoison it's not a virus or
anything like that but turn them off run
Breathe boys and turn them back on but
yeah Little Snitch did that for me
greenpoison kind of failed for me a few
times when it first came out when I had
a little snitch on and that basically
controls all the connections that are
going in and out of my computer so I
know I you know that no one's coming in
or informations going out basically well
yeah here we go we have a bunch of text
on the screen it's still doing the
retail break process kind of we should
see the phone restart after this and i
already have cydia on there this won't
erase anything on your phone but just in
case be sure to have your phone iPod
Touch or iPad synced to your computer
just in case your jailbreak fails in any
way possible and you have to restore
your phone it's really hard to break an
iDevice software wise because you can
always restore it so if you have like a
jailbreak and you don't want it you can
always restore it and it will go back to
its original form so that's really cool
so if you really do mess up just go
ahead and restore and try again it's not
that hard of a process thousands and
thousands of people have done it if not
millions so yeah here we go we have
green poison starting up again and
that's basically how you do it the phone
will start go to home screen and you can
use it like a normal device in this
being the iphone ipod touch ipad or the
Apple TV which is a little bit different
but that'll be on your TV and you'll
have green poison on there as well you
have the green
poison logo instead of the Apple so my
phone has restarted I have the apple
logo right here and everything should be
okay I know everything is okay right
here on my phone and everything should
be working so guys as always if this
helped you if you read y'all broke with
RC six to fix rc5 a bit and it helped
you your emulators are working now if
you jailbreak your apple TV without this
guide yeah just be sure to comment below
any questions suggestions apple TV
jailbreak is coming up so stay tuned and
check it out on my channel and yeah give
a thumbs up for this video if that
helped you as well if you just like the
videos give a thumbs up and be sure to
subscribe up there and here we go we
have the phone ready and working i have
Cydia right here there we go everything
is working so that is only if you have
it or a jailbroken if it's not
jailbroken already do all those steps
and then download cydia off of the
loader app or check out my other
jailbreak videos anyways guys like i
said before comments thumbs up and the
subscription i will see you all later